what's going on guys mr. golden sports
and welcome to an NBA 2k13 game finally
now if you guys know there was a huge
glitch with the xbox elite 4 gigabyte
where for whatever reason as soon as you
hit quick game to go to my player once
you quit and you try to proceed after
the first gaming freezes one hundred
percent of the time like it literally
froze every single time that's why I
wasn't able to do videos and
unfortunately I tried to do offline at
one point you know what those reasons
like you know maybe it has to do online
so I went offline and try that but once
you do that once you go offline at any
point you don't collect vc anymore it
turns into skill points and the
difference is that you need a VC to get
accessories and you know things like
that so once the patch and everything
was all set I played and then I looked
and I couldn't get VC anymore so I had
to start all over man so we start over
and we had an even better outing at the
rookie showcase this time we projected
go seventh last time we were projected
to go I think 12 so the team to
interview me was the cavaliers at four I
think the rockets at 12 and the Golden
State Warriors at seven now projected to
go to the Warriors that's actually the
team that took me last year so you know
no problem with GES going to GS you know
so that right there might be a match
made in heaven except surprise surprise
what do you know the number four pick
the Cleveland Cavaliers they go ahead
and select the point guard from
Connecticut and your boys playing for
the Cavaliers this year so I'm
definitely excited about that hopefully
we could go ahead and get some good
things going and you know once we show
you guys our new team we're going to go
ahead and jump into our very first game
of the year and I'm very very very
excited about this i'ma try my best to
bring you guys dailies on this I can't
promise anything because Madden is gonna
take majority of my time but for the
most part I don't see me I'm not being
able to do dailies on a 2k especially
for a while cuz you know I'm not going
to be starting so I'm not gonna get that
much playing time so
they're gonna be pretty quick you know
it's not gonna take that long for me to
go ahead and play some games might even
show two games with in one video because
I'm not sure how much playing time imma
get but we're going against the Wizards
in our first game so we go ahead and we
want to simulate this we want to get in
the game in wherein was a lead you know
we got a five point lead we're in with a
good four minutes left so coach
definitely give us a good amount of
playing time here and our first
defensive possession you know we try to
lockdown you know stay tight like a nuns
vagina he goes up he ends up missing and
not only do we get him to miss but we
ended up coming down with the defensive
board and we go coast-to-coast no reason
we're hustling down court you know we
kick ass low in the baseline that we go
towards the rack and we go up at the
pump fake now we go up in we get the end
one and we finished strong so we're able
to score a very first shot attempt and
we're going to the free-throw line so
one minute one rebound I want to feel go
in one free throw and after that the
coach takes me out that's such a dirtbag
move come on Byron Scott I gonna go
ahead and do it I was on fire you didn't
see all those people I was making look
bad i was making everybody miss i was
shooting over everybody so disrespectful
right after this deal we got a fast
break we pump fake with the hob step we
find Varejao right over the middle and
very shy was actually really good this
game is inside shot I don't know what
the rating is but whenever I pass them
inside he was money right there we got
pretty tight defense and he ends up not
converting and then we get taken out
again man is very tough to go ahead and
get anything going was little to no time
so the time that you are and they're
like you have to do great to go ahead
and stay on the course so um write them
like come on by put me and put me in
whoa well he tryna is it trying to like
have to ref balls when it does he have
you seen it was like motioning nuts all
right you're gonna have time or brought
to you by Sprint welcome to the 2k
sports Studios such great rivalry going
on tonight let's check out how the first
half is gone
and welcome back I've seen here we have
a lead in second half we definitely end
up a more playing time to in another
foul right there and I was able to do
pretty good the second half you know I'm
able to facilitate the defense i'm able
to drive and find the open man in the
hop step there's an absolute crucial
button especially if your point guard
you go to the rack you hit the hop step
and you're gonna you know pretty much
get a double team and if anybody's
around the rim and they cut their gonna
be wide open so sure that right there is
a good strategy that's what I was doing
pretty much the entire game I was just
driving going around the back you know
doing a hop step and right there we
could we get another foul and it was
pretty much money man i think that right
there is more effective than the pick
and roll you just go towards the rim you
hop step and somebody's gonna be open my
cuz once you underneath the rim they're
gonna double-team your work they leave
you one on one once you get enough shot
close you're just gonna hit that layup
right underneath all the time so or if
you have a big I could go ahead and
Duncan speaking of dunks we go up right
there you gotta block me to go for the
purpose of a facial we end up peter
north to them that's right we hit him
with that chisel facial right there if
we end up with a jail so so far so good
you know we're getting close to double
digits in points we got one rebound a
couple of susie but we definitely go off
with the system here coming up we
definitely find you know the open guys
it to definitely played you know really
good really into my hand like I'll Drive
right here nice little hop step wide
open underneath the lane right there we
dish in getting the sense you know it's
pretty simple you know we were able to
do that for the most part looking in a
over there look like Medusa I try not to
look at Mindy in the eyes at all you
know not try turning the stone right
here we go we drive again quick little
hop step give it to the outlet you know
quick load with that 10-foot jumper
right there I'm telling you this is
money it was working majority of the
time you know right here we try to drive
try to get these going right there look
at the okey-doke hey getting two people
off the ground right there then we got a
pass to the inside
we get a path leading to a file which is
good right here we go behind the back
right there and again on the inside you
get it one on one and we end up passing
inside the hands up making a shot so our
system definitely will really go right
to that little hot potato hot potato
passes it back we end up going for the
easy layup and uh as you can see male
we're just playing all around good game
you know what we're passing the ball
right there you see we get the reverse
damn and I think our coach was pleased
with our game so so far so good at our
career in Cleveland where I want to know
we'll definitely take that we definitely
had a good game you know we had a b-plus
team eighth grade which were you know
very static about we definitely we got
224 vc which went towards the legends
training camp i got my shouting my shot
better and also Mike Duncan so that's it
guys look forward to more NBA 2k I would
appreciate some lights on these videos
you know that way we can get these NBA
2k games pumping as always follow me
toward if you don't already as mr. goes
for signing out pace give it to the baby